port range function and change gen_series logic (#9352)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/sql/scalar_functions.md

### `generate_series`

> similar as range function, but include the upper bound

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the range function, but it includes the upper bound. 
```

Author: Sorry I rebased the branch and force pushed, I will add your document change manually

```
generate_series(start, stop, step)
```

#### Arguments

- **start**: start of the range

> - **end**: end of the range (not included)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **end**: end of the range (included)
```

### `generate_series`

> Similar to the range function, but it includes the upper bound.

Reviewer 2: ❤️
